Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will configure our annual project when I say configuration, we want
to use extra frameworks, libraries on our project like bootstrap and font.
Awesome.
So now we will configure these libraries one by one.
First configuration will be bootstrap.
Bootstrap is the most popular cyesis framework for developing responsive and mobile first websites.
For our case, we will use the latest bootstrap version.
I think that here is important.
Bootstrap doesn't provide components.
Bootstrap provides predefined sets classes.
For example, a line middle, a set of utility classes that are equivalent to writing the Cyesis property
vertical align equals middle, for example, big dark or big light background, color, utility classes,
etc. So Bootstrap provides, Radisich says, classes.
Then we create HDMI components from d.c.'s classes.
Bootstrap also uses GE Query and Pupper for several actionable or informational events.
So we can also say that bootstrap benefits from various libraries to provide better infrastructure.
Now let's install it.
We are then ampm comment.
Now we will open the terminal in this project folder.
That's important.
We should open the terminal from the project folder.
We should open in the project directory npm install bootstrap yechury g query is Helford Library for
Bootstrap because Bootstrap also uses JavaScript libraries for animations and actionable items.
This will now, though, long it and put it into this project folder, and we can easily imported that.
How can we imported that to use bootstrap, we should describe it in style Cyesis or in English?
Jason Undersize Stalls Success is used to describe global success classes.
So when the import style classes here, we can use them on the whole application.
Here we can import bootstrap from the undershot, not modules we can describe.
They're not modules FALDER as relatively or we can describe it with Tilda.
Also, we can describe it from the angle of Jason configuration file, this file configures our project
behind the scenes, these configuration file bundles, all our JavaScript and CSS files and add them
to indexed that estimate file.
Engelhard that adjacent at the root level of an angular workspace provides workspace vids and project
specific configuration defaults for build and development tools provided by the angular saola.
We can also describe style clusters in this file.
Under the tiles block we can import bootstrap from the under node modules.
We can describe the node modules folder as relatively.
By the way, this is optional because we already import it on cases.
We can ignore one of them.
Then with the same day, we will import straps, skip dependencies under strips, block bootstrap dependencies
will be Jaquie.
We can find the spare parts under the not module's, we should specify parts according to not module's
as relatively.
By the way, when we see these not modules, we wonder that Angular really uses these modules.
One by one.
Engelhard uses these node modules on development and building on production.
Engler's does not use these not modules, so we don't need to worry about not modules.
The other configuration will be about font awesome icons.
Font Awesome provides a scalable Wiktor icons that can instantly be customized with size, color, drop
shadow and anything that can be done with the power of this font.
Awesome source.
A lot of icon sets.
Some of them are free and some of them need a license, but most of the time free versions are enough.
Now let's install it.
We are the AMPM comments.
We will install SPG for months.
For now we can install Sulit icons, regular icons and great icons.
Of course, these icons should be our needs.
For example, we want to use the user icon.
So we need Reglan icons or we need the angular print icon.
So we need Birand icons, etc..
Font awesome module should be described in the app module module is the bootstrap module for the end
project.
This module basically test the English to which parts does my application, how and which parts, I
mean, which components, which directive's, which pipes or which services might I use.
So this is how you structure your application and this is why we load this file when we start the application,
because we have to tell ANGULAR to which part does my application actually have.
So this is the root module.
This is the description of my application.
So we will use font awesome on our application to use it.
We should describe it on app module before to edit.
Let's talk about engie module structure declaration, Hulce, all directive's components and types of
application.
The imports array's imports are module's not just said we are only going to use one module, but there
are a couple of built-In ones.
For example, we can use Brasseur module for module, etc., provides the services we want to have in
our application.
Bootstrap is the last array here and this is the important one.
It specifies most of the time only one component which actually gets law that first Engelhard does not
scan all components for the selectors automatically.
It scans components that we add the declarations, but it will still not find the selector we use in
the index that estimate.
This is one part where we have to be explicit and tell Angerer to hey, when you start the application
first, have a look at the app component.
It is the root component of our application and this is an important take away.
Our anger application will have a root component which will hold all other components that you may as
nested as you want, but you have the one single root component which is added here to the bootstrap
area.
Now let's add the font awesome module.
It will be a module.
We will use the functionalities of it.
We can describe modules under the imports at a.
OK, that's all about configuration.
Thank you.